Allow Gradients to be Synced Each Data Batch While Performing Gradient Accumulation (#2531)
huggingface/accelerate: docs/source/concept_guides/gradient_synchronization.md

If you are worried about making sure everything is done properly, we highly recommend utilizing the [`~Accelerator.accumulate`] function and passing in
`gradient_accumulation_steps` or `gradient_accumulation_plugin` to the [`Accelerator`] object so Accelerate can handle this for you.

### `no_sync` requires additional GPU memory when using FSDP

> Be aware that not syncing gradients can have adverse effects while performing FSDP training. As it has been warned in `torch`, the [`no_sync` context manager for FSDP](https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/fsdp.html#torch.distributed.fsdp.FullyShardedDataParallel.no_sync) will incur additional memory.

Reviewer: Nit: incur => require

> Therefore in memory intensive situations while using FSDP, we recommend to set `sync_each_batch` to `False` in the [`~utils.GradientAccumulationPlugin`] to disable `no_sync`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore in memory intensive situations while using FSDP, we recommend to set `sync_each_batch` to `True` in the [`~utils.GradientAccumulationPlugin`] to disable `no_sync`.
```

Right?

Author: oh my a blunder on my part.. thanks for the catch

See the example below where we fine-tune Mixtral (47B parameters) on 8 A100-80GB GPUs. We see that even for a modest `gradient_accumulation_steps=2` we quickly go out-of-memory (OOM) if `no_sync` is enabled. Again, this is due to additional memory overheads due to FSDP's `no_sync`. However, if `no_sync` is disabled via `sync_each_batch=True`, then the memory consumption for `gradient_accumulation_steps=16` reverts to that of `gradient_accumulation_steps=1`.

| Model           | `no_sync` (accum=1) | `no_sync` (accum=2) | `no_sync` disabled (accum=16)
| :-------------: | :-----------------: | :-----------------: | :-----------------: 
mixtral 8x7B      | 69G                 | OOM                 | 69G

> Finally, note that disabling `no_sync` means there _will be slowdown_ due the extra data syncs, as explained by the earlier sections of this guide.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> [!WARNING] 
> Disabling `no_sync` means there _will be slowdown_ due the extra data syncs, as explained by the earlier sections of this guide.
```
